go to some French slang items in the valve that are easy to this. So one
fill it out. Offer for the officers. If you're a degree all, sir,
we're on the packet as about form. It's in the war fighting. Well,
if you felt that one out, okay. And you're sending a message. Words
lives with Ward that Well, perhaps not the greatest war fighter. So
this is where you have to watch a lot of rocks filled out. The red flag
is one block is missed or not observed. If if the CEO choose, Not
observed. Uh, a we're not observes. Needs to be explained in lock
41. You have a little one. Why? Uh oh, Those are because you just rewarded
award you with skill. And the super had a change of command.
So we have a chance with her. Okay, that is okay. You wanna be hate
against all the other officers that have been there for half. Okay,
He's gonna take care of you. So, red flags. You have to be careful on
that one. Any not observed? You know, I had best be explained, and
then you know what? Anything less than 50 I know that seems a lot,
you know, But you know why? What happened? It's what you want is the
chance to explain So another thing to do. You know, seriously, you
have tohave day for day accountability off your fit. Well, if you were
in transit somewhere, if you took a month, just four months of school
and training in route to your new ship, you better put that on
the new ships, you know, so you can see So the finger up ward C day
for day, Howard. Huge red flag. If there is a gap in your coverage,
you know what happened. What do you do for a day? You're off. You can
have a day off. It's got to be explained somewhere. Okay? I was in
transit. I was at school. I was traveling. All that needs to be explained
in the block. Okay? And you know, if the award what a thing to
do if you leave a command and you've been nominated for a meritorious
service medal. You've been nominated for the League of America.
Okay, but it hasn't been received yet, but you gotta go to your next
demand. Well, make sure that it says on the ship that you're leaving
nominated for meritorious service medal. And then when you get to
your new command, it is awarded meritorious service Medal for performance.
On my last minute, it's got to be explained leaving. And the
last thing I would say about awards. No awards. Look, I see what awards
everyone is expected to have a going away metal or award messages
when you don't have a war. That's the message that the old man says
to the board saying You're not worth it now the fact that everyone
has an award. Okay, so how do you break that? That means you have to
somehow break out during your tour and get your war. So you admit
to award and an inventory ward. Oh, whoa. That you I do walk on water.
Elevated three feet of all deserves. Okay, so it's had a tricky I
think about awards. Your master it you'll get good. Wish you well with
it. Pretty system. What is the system that we have? And I think
it's more honest than what this 06 has observed from the Air Force in
the Army. You said it in the army, Maybe difference other perspectives
all together, and it's going to be